Course Project
As part of the project, you will be mining a dataset to identify what types of security-related tasks are performed by agentic AI tools. The data that you will be analyzing are pull requests automatically generated by agentic AI tools. The dataset is available on HuggingFace.

Tasks For all Students (Students in all sections)
The following tasks apply for all enrolled students You can complete the tasks individually or as a group of 4 students.

Task-1
From the data in the all_pull_request table create a CSV file with the following headers and data:

TITLE: Data related to `title`
ID: Data related to `id`
AGENTNAME: Data related to `agent`
BODYSTRING: Data related to `body`
REPOID: Data related to `repo_id`
REPOURL: Data related to `repo_url`

Task-2
From the data in the all_repository table create a CSV file with the following headers and data:

REPOID: Data related to `id`
LANG: Data related to `language`
STARS: Data related to `stars`
REPOURL: Data related to `url`

Task-3
From the data in the pr_task_type table create a CSV file with the following headers and data:

PRID: Data related to `id`
PRTITLE: Data related to `title`
PRREASON: Data related to `reason`
PRTYPE: Data related to `type`
CONFIDENCE: Data related to `confidence`

Task-4
From the data in the pr_commit_details table create a CSV file with the following headers and data:
PRID: Data related to `pr_id`
PRSHA: Data related to `sha`
PRCOMMITMESSAGE: Data related to `message`
PRFILE: Data related to `filename`
PRSTATUS: Data related to `status`
PRADDS: Data related to `additions`
PRDELSS: Data related to `deletions`
PRCHANGECOUNT: Data related to `changes`
PRDIFF: Data related to `patch`. Please remove special characters in the diff to avoid string encoding errors. 

Task-5
From the output obtained from the four tasks above, create a CSV file with the following information:

ID: ID of the pull request 
AGENT: The name of the agent that was used to create the pull request 
TYPE: The type of the pull request 
CONFIDENCE: The confidence of the pull request 
SECURITY: A Boolean flag (1/0) that will report the status of the security status of the pull request. If security-related keywords appear in a body or title of the pull request, then the value will be 1, 0 otherwise. Use the keywords from the list in `References`

Rubric for Task-1, Task-2, Task-3, Task-4
Create a repository on github.com. Your repository should contain the following:

Code for Task-1 [10%]
Correct CSV generated as output from Task-1 [10%]
Code for Task-2 [10%]
Correct CSV generated as output from Task-2 [10%]
Code for Task-3 [10%]
Correct CSV generated as output from Task-3 [10%]
Code for Task-4 [10%]
Correct CSV generated as output from Task-4 [10%]
Code for Task-5 [10%]
Correct CSV generated as output from Task-5 [10%]
Provide the URL of the repository on CANVAS.
